# vehiclemanagmentsystem
“Vehicle Management System” is software which is helpful for bus operators, who wants to operate many bus trips in a day. The system focuses on the area of adding, editing and deleting the passengers, staff and the bus routes. VEHICLE MANAGEMENT SYSTEM is user friendly web application platform that provides the portal to interact bus operator and the passengers. Our  application have basically 4 module: Bus Management, Route Management, Employee Management, Passenger Management. In this Application a person can be register as an admin and can login using credentials. Admin can manage the bus routes as well as the staff and  passenger details. He can add a bus and its details including bus route details. Admin can also add the details of the staff and their duty time in the system. Admin can manage Driver’s and bus details. Admin can view bookings and user details also. Admin can also manage Bus details like the type, vehicle number, vehicle color, bus driver and the route in which the bus is going to be operated are added. In Bus module an admin can add a new bus details to the database. He can set the details of the route and the timing also. Route Management module deals with the route management of the bus. An admin can add the route and if he wants he can change it or delete that route.  User can also register by giving its credential data and later on login using that credentials. User can check his/her status about the bus. User can give the feedback either on the bus condition or the bus vendor.
